# Team-Vankee-TBI-Internship-Project-2020
Skip to content Learn Git and GitHub without any code! Using the Hello World guide, you’ll start a branch, write comments, and open a pull request.   Team-Rosalind / team-rosalind-project Template This is the main repository for the HackBio'2020 Virtual Internship Experience ❤️  team-rosalind.github.io/team-rosalind-project/  MIT License  17 stars  14 forks Code Pull requests Actions Wiki Security Insights Latest commit @SuRiTrA SuRiTrA … 15 days ago Git stats Files README.md Hi 👋, We are Team-Rosalind 💝 The team of 30 people for HackBio'2020 Virtual Bioinformatics Internship 🖨️ team-rosalind  🔭 We are currently working on team-rosalind-project  👨‍💻 HackBio Channel https://hackbio-internship.github.io/webpage-test/  💬 Ask us about Anything Science! We are your friendly neighborhood science people 🔬  📫 How to reach us? siddhaantsharma.ss@gmail.com  ⚡ Fun fact We are a diverse community from many nations🤗  tbi_internship ssiddhaantsharma ucrp4skeqrnbax0od3ybyt1w  Project GitHub last commit GitHub issues Contributions welcome Maintenance Team Rosalind PRs Welcome License  HackBio Image Source: @tbi_internship  This is the main repository for the HackBio'2020 Virtual Internship Experience. Main goal of the project is write small scripts in different languages with the next output in sdout - name, e-mail, used_language, biostack, slack_username. Next step is to make csv file with rows corresponding to the person and columns to the values (as name, e-mail, etc) in bash, using sdout from scripts.  For neat-looking documentation check out Team-Rosalind  Banner forthebadge forthebadge forthebadge  🚩 Table of content Getting Started Prerequisites Running the tests Check if dependencies are satisfied Installing missing dependencies Installing Flowchart Usage Versioning For participants Goals (Stage 0): Language check I am not a coder, what should I choose? Unified template for output Generate a new table of content 🤖 Getting Started Prerequisites Julia language Octave Python language GCC and G++ compilers. Available via standard package managers R language Nodejs for javascript Linux (awk command must be recognisable in shell) Random GIF  🎨 Running the tests Check if dependencies are satisfied Script for tests (tests.sh) is included in the repo. You can run it with the following command:  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Team-Rosalind/team-rosalind-project/master/tests.sh &amp;&amp; sh tests.sh The above command will download only the target script and check if all required software is already installed.  Installing missing dependencies Ubuntu sudo apt-get update &amp;&amp; sudo apt-get install python octave julia gcc g++ r nodejs npm Please note, that Ubuntu-based installation hasn't been checked yet. Command based on Google search results. If you have any problems please report an issue and try official instruction for every package as stated on official sites  Arch-based distributions sudo pacman -Su &amp;&amp; sudo pacman -S python octave julia gcc nodejs npm Installing The main goal of the project is to create a bash script that will clone the repo and produce a csv file with the participants' personal information. For this goal no installation is required, however check if all dependencies are satisfied.  📜 Flowchart WorkFlow_HackBio Made using diagrams.net  🔧 Usage Please download the following script csv-producer.sh. Downloading and running the script can be done from a terminal with the following command:  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Team-Rosalind/team-rosalind-project/master/csv-producer.sh &amp;&amp; sh csv-producer.sh Script is intended to work in Linux-based systems and Windows PowerShell.   Terminal  🌏 Versioning README.md -> v 2.2 csv-producer -> v 2.0 stage_0_Anu.C v 1.1 stage_0_Suritra.cpp -> v 1.0 stage_0_Vika.m -> v 1.0 stage_0_dolu.js -> v 1.1 stage_0_harinath.C -> v 1.0 stage_0_hildred.py -> v 1.6 stage_0_pavlo.jl -> v 1.0 stage_0_rajvi.jl -> v 1.0 stage_0_rupa.py -> v 1.0 stage_0_shirine.R -> v 1.0 stage_0_Alaa.py -> v 1.1 stage_0_Nicole.R -> v 1.2 stage_0_Omobolanle.js -> v 1.0 stage_0_Rajeswari.py -> v 1.2 stage_0_Ravindran.py -> v 1.2 stage_0_Richard.py -> v 1.1 stage_0_siddhant.py -> v 1.3 stage_0_theSamurai1997.m -> v 1.0 Stage_0_Ife.R -> v 1.0 Stage_0_Leye.py -> v 1.2 Stage_0_Busayo.py -> v 1.1 Stage_0_Ayobami1517.R -> v 1.2 Stage_0_Nirvana.py -> v 1.0 Stage_0_Rasheed.R -> v 1.0 Stage_0_TheSussex.py -> v 1.1 Stage_0_kaybee.py -> v 1.1 💬 For participants Goals (Stage 0): Make this documentation neat and nice. (Novice Friendly) Complete task 2 (multiple languages) Make a simple bash script for git commit Language check  Python  Julia  C++  R  Java  MATLAB  Javascript  C Note: The checklist has 8 languages right now. The minimum required amount is 7. If it is not satisfied, please choose unchecked languages from a list.  I am not a coder, what should I choose? Everyone began from something (: Actually the language in this task doesn't matter, as the script is very simple. You can search smth similar to "write hello world script in language_of_interest ".  If all of the languages are checked, and the requirements (about programming language variety) are satisfied, you are free to choose whatever language you like. A good start is to become more familiar with R or Python. Both of these languages are extremely popular within the bioinformatics community. See templates for "Hello world script" for R and Python.  Unified template for output Human text is an excellent example of unstructured data. Desired fields (for this task) can be printed out in many different ways. Therefore I propose a unified template for your script output:  NAME: *Your full name* E-MAIL: *Your e-mail*  USED LANGUAGE: *Name of used scripted language. All letters are capital* BIOSTACK: *Name of biostack you chose. The only first letter is capital*  SLACK USERNAME: @+*username* An example:  NAME: Pavlo Hrab E-MAIL: pavlo.hrab@lnu.edu.ua USED LANGUAGE: JULIA BIOSTACK: Genomics SLACK USERNAME: @pavlo  After you get the desired output, please name your file stage_0_slack-username An example: stage_0_pavlo.jl  Generate a new table of content The table of content was generated here Please if you do any updates to file itself, update a table of content as well  🚀 Contributing Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated 🎉 Working on your first Pull Request? How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub  Clone the Project Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature) Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature') Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature) Open a Pull Request Thanks! ❤️  Footer  Contributors 27 @SuRiTrA @pavlohrab @ssiddhantsharma @Mosadoluwa-A @Hil-dred @AlaaSamy92 @Omobolanle1923 @AnnapoornaChamundi @Richard-code-gig @RajviS1904 @Harinath1232001 + 16 contributors Languages Shell 53.3%   Jupyter Notebook 13.2%   Python 11.1%   MATLAB 6.5%   R 5.2%   JavaScript 3.2%   Other 7.5% © 2020 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Security Status Help Contact GitHub Pricing API Training Blog About
